Nvidia shares down again once again this
morning sliding about 5% for the week so
far joining us right now to talk the
chip stocks is Vivic Arya Bank of
America's senior semiconductor analyst
Vivic first of all what do you think
about the slide in Nvidia chips this
week uh good morning Becky so you know
last week we came from a very successful
GPU technology conference the company
had uh they outlined a path towards a
trillion dollars of spending in the data
center uh they uh really stressed how
the Computing requirements of these new
reasoning models is going up by a factor
of 10 to 100 times and then they
outlined a very multi-generational road
map that goes out all the way till 2028
and spans across their uh unmatched
expertise in hardware and software and
systems so I think fundamentals are rock
solid uh for the company but what's also
happening is uh there's a lot of
geopolitical worries there's a lot of
angst uh regarding restrictions of their
products uh to China there is this new
AI Fusion uh rule that is supposed to go
into effect it was put in place by the
Biden team and if it is implemented and
I think if is if is an operative word
then uh we could see the effects of this
by May 14th when it is fully implemented
so I think the stock is essentially
trying to go back and forth between uh
fundamentals that are exceptionally
strong and a range of these geopolitical
worries which we think uh you know will
get priced in uh the stock by May 14th
and meanwhile the valuation we think is
is quite uh compelling so and so we do
believe very strongly that the
fundamentals will will win the day but
over the next few weeks we have to deal
with some of this geopolitical
volatility in the stock sales to China
is that 10% of their
revenue yeah their overall sales are
about 13% uh but you know about a
quarter of that is going into gaming
it's going into Automotive into
workstation uh those parts are not
restricted so we size that uh the part
that is in the data center that is
exposed to China is about 10% of the
sales and even in that there are parts
of the networking business that are not
restricted so when we get down to it um
you know the 8 or 10% that is exposed to
China it's specifically their H20
product and what's interesting Becky is
that even under the AI diffusion rules
there are no restrictions uh in terms of
them shipping this H20 uh product to
China this is an older generation
product you know there is competition
for that in China from uh Huawei so it's
a competitive market because it's an
older generation uh product so I don't
think it's a given that all their sales
to China will be restricted but when we
go through the sensitivity analysis even
if we take the China sales out even if
they bake in uh the effect of these AI
diffusion rules we still see that the
stock is trading anywhere between 20 to
26 times less than its earnings growth
versus if you look at the max 7 uh
stocks they are trading two times their
earnings growth so we think it's
compellingly valued regardless but we
understand that some of this um you know
uh news driven headline you know that
these heads have to get over before the
stock starts to civilized